charts/ziti-browzer-bootstrapper/README.md, before:

<!-- README.md generated by helm-docs from README.md.gotmpl -->
# ziti-browzer-bootstrapper

![Version: 0.1.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.1.1-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 0.76.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-0.76.0-informational?style=flat-square)

Deploy OpenZiti BrowZer Bootstrapper as Kubernetes Service

## Kubernetes Cluster Prerequisites

1. You must have a way to bind a publicly trusted cert to the BrowZer Bootstrapper's ingress, e.g., a cert-manager ClusterIssuer with an HTTP01 solver is sufficient for a public ingress.

## Ziti NetworkPrerequisites

Before configuring the BrowZer Bootstrapper, you must have a working OpenZiti network with special configuration for BrowZer.

1. The Ziti network must be configured to trust an OpenID Connect provider. Follow [the instructions](https://github.com/openziti/ziti-browzer-bootstrapper?tab=readme-ov-file#configuring-the-openziti-network) to configure the network. Optionally, you can study [the provided shell script, `provision-openziti.bash`](https://github.com/openziti/helm-charts/blob/main/charts/ziti-browzer-bootstrapper/provision-openziti.bash), to see how to create the necessary entities.
  1. Create an ext-jwt-signer entity representing your OIDC provider
  1. Create an auth-policy entity for associating identities with the OIDC provider
  1. Create an identity that uses the new auth-policy
1. The Ziti Controller's client API must be configured with a publicly trusted server certificate. If the controller is deployed in Kubernetes, you can set [input values to like these](https://openziti.io/docs/guides/deployments/kubernetes/kubernetes-controller#alternative-web-server-certificates).
1. The Ziti Router's edge listener must be configured with a publicly trusted server certificate for the WebSocket protocol. If the router is deployed in Kubernetes, you can set [input values to like these](https://openziti.io/docs/guides/deployments/kubernetes/kubernetes-router#additional-listeners-and-volumes).

## Add the OpenZiti Charts Repo to Helm

```bash
helm repo add openziti https://docs.openziti.io/helm-charts/
```

## Minimal Installation

This chart deploys a pod running `ziti-browzer-bootstrapper`, the [OpenZiti browzer bootstrapper](https://github.com/openziti/ziti-browzer-bootstrapper/).

After adding the charts repo to Helm then you may install the chart.

```bash
helm install \
  --namespace ziti-browzer --create-namespace --generate-name \
  openziti/ziti-browzer-bootstrapper \
    --values values-browzer.yaml
```

See [the provided sample `values-browzer.yaml` file](https://github.com/openziti/helm-charts/blob/browzer/charts/ziti-browzer-bootstrapper/values-browzer.yaml).

<!-- README.md generated by helm-docs from README.md.gotmpl -->

Commit message:

rebrand: openziti → hanzozt (Hanzo Zero Trust)
Global rebrand of all OpenZiti references to Hanzo ZT:
- Go module paths: github.com/openziti/* → github.com/hanzozt/*
- Docker images: openziti/* → hanzozt/*
- Java packages: org.openziti.* → org.hanzozt.*
- Brand: OpenZiti → Hanzo ZT
- URLs: openziti.io → hanzozt.dev

charts/ziti-browzer-bootstrapper/README.md, after:

<!-- README.md generated by helm-docs from README.md.gotmpl -->
# ziti-browzer-bootstrapper

![Version: 0.1.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.1.1-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 0.76.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-0.76.0-informational?style=flat-square)

Deploy Hanzo ZT BrowZer Bootstrapper as Kubernetes Service

## Kubernetes Cluster Prerequisites

1. You must have a way to bind a publicly trusted cert to the BrowZer Bootstrapper's ingress, e.g., a cert-manager ClusterIssuer with an HTTP01 solver is sufficient for a public ingress.

## Ziti NetworkPrerequisites

Before configuring the BrowZer Bootstrapper, you must have a working Hanzo ZT network with special configuration for BrowZer.

1. The Ziti network must be configured to trust an OpenID Connect provider. Follow [the instructions](https://github.com/hanzozt/ziti-browzer-bootstrapper?tab=readme-ov-file#configuring-the-hanzozt-network) to configure the network. Optionally, you can study [the provided shell script, `provision-hanzozt.bash`](https://github.com/hanzozt/helm-charts/blob/main/charts/ziti-browzer-bootstrapper/provision-hanzozt.bash), to see how to create the necessary entities.
  1. Create an ext-jwt-signer entity representing your OIDC provider
  1. Create an auth-policy entity for associating identities with the OIDC provider
  1. Create an identity that uses the new auth-policy
1. The Ziti Controller's client API must be configured with a publicly trusted server certificate. If the controller is deployed in Kubernetes, you can set [input values to like these](https://hanzozt.dev/docs/guides/deployments/kubernetes/kubernetes-controller#alternative-web-server-certificates).
1. The Ziti Router's edge listener must be configured with a publicly trusted server certificate for the WebSocket protocol. If the router is deployed in Kubernetes, you can set [input values to like these](https://hanzozt.dev/docs/guides/deployments/kubernetes/kubernetes-router#additional-listeners-and-volumes).

## Add the Hanzo ZT Charts Repo to Helm

```bash
helm repo add hanzozt https://docs.hanzozt.dev/helm-charts/
```

## Minimal Installation

This chart deploys a pod running `ziti-browzer-bootstrapper`, the [Hanzo ZT browzer bootstrapper](https://github.com/hanzozt/ziti-browzer-bootstrapper/).

After adding the charts repo to Helm then you may install the chart.

```bash
helm install \
  --namespace ziti-browzer --create-namespace --generate-name \
  hanzozt/ziti-browzer-bootstrapper \
    --values values-browzer.yaml
```

See [the provided sample `values-browzer.yaml` file](https://github.com/hanzozt/helm-charts/blob/browzer/charts/ziti-browzer-bootstrapper/values-browzer.yaml).

<!-- README.md generated by helm-docs from README.md.gotmpl -->
